don't you hate wasting your hard-earned
cash and your precious time having to
replace your pants do they crack and
peel and can you get them totally clean
because now you just won't believe your
eyes
this is gasps relax gasps relax pans are
coated in biotin biotin is our special
nonstick coating that could help to give
you even better cooking results and they
are very easy to clean gastro luxe is a
squeeze cast aluminium pan with biotin
biotin is our high-grade nonstick
coating biotin nanotechnology is our
breakthrough in nonstick cookware gastro
luxe have been producing high grade pans
in Denmark since 1979 for 25 countries
worldwide
gastro luxe use high-tech robots to
ensure high accuracy production and then
hand finish every pan to ensure
perfection and quality right down to the
last detail
every gassed relaxed pan is stamped with
a unique quality control number a
gastric span is not just a pan it's
Europe an wilde renowned for inventing
the Titan nonstick surface in the 1980s
gas relax now introduces you to our
latest and most exciting technology
biotin nanotechnology biotin nonstick
coating is inspired by nature it's
perfectly smooth robust bio mineral
nonstick coating has been scientifically
engineered with a perfect non-porous
balance of hardness and elasticity
ensuring outstanding nonstick cooking
gas deluxe use the same squeeze cast
technology that's used by some of the
world's top sports car manufacturers to
ensure there are no bubbles left in the
aluminium gastral expand our squeeze
cast under a 200 ton press compacting
the aluminium creating ultra durable
outstanding quality pans a gastral
expand is a single piece of aluminium
that prevents weak points from forming
in the structure making the pans highly
durable and robust your pan won't warp
buckle or bend a gastral expand is
thermal shock resistant
with an ultra tough 8 millimeter thick
thermal farm base for optimal heat
distribution gastroliths bio time
technology helps you to cook your food
more evenly the pan eliminates hot and
cold spots from forming when you're
cooking which helps to give you a more
professional cooking result gastral
expands can go from the hob to the oven
to the freezer saving you space and time
in your kitchen all gastral expands our
oven proof up to 260 degrees centigrade
including the lid handles and each pan
has an ergonomic counter grip to make
carrying even easier gas relax squeeze
cast technology allows the handle
fixture to be cast in the aluminium
meaning the handle and body are one no
more loose screws rivets are wobbly
handles take your hot food from the oven
safely with the detachable handle
retrieve frozen dinners from your
freezer comfortably with the detachable
handle and because of our special
detachable handle you need less space to
store your pans the gas relax squeeze
cast design features a drop rim on every
pan to stop spills and make pouring easy
the pressure release lids are not
pressed they're all made from cast
borosilicate glass in europe gastro luxe
top european quality lids avoid the risk
of trap dirt and bacteria build-up
because there are no difficult to clean
crevices Plus each casted glass high
dome lid is ovenproof up to 260 degrees
centigrade gastral expands can not only
help to save you money they're also an
investment in your health as you can
cook completely fat-free cook without
adding any fat onto the biotin nonstick
surface inside every gastroliths pan yes
cook your food without any added fat you
will be amazed and thrilled at the
results you can achieve every time with
your gastral expand